we're evacuating the building
god I need your help don't stay in here
I'm not leave the category five
hurricane going on outside you forgot
about that
I think it's a five already there is a
storm right now 160 miles per hour
perhaps devastate Porto Rico
your dad doesn't want to leave I can't
force them
help me get him out of this building
let's go let's go
watch it sweetheart warning
he's part of accruing this high-end high
stuff I got a buddy downtown he's been
chasing these clowns for a month a cop -
what do you think this guy's want I
might have a pretty good idea fifty five
million dollars it's here in this
building that's blood money if we're
gonna stand any kind of chance we need
all the firepower we can get it screams
slap we'll go through all my floor and
so we find them
[Music]
when the eye of the storm if you're
trying to make an impression now's the
time
[Music]
I'll shoot you in the head I'm not going
out that way
remember shoot to kill kids hey nice
work kid
wow you made this some girl gave that to
me to give to them and then they
cancelled the show yeah I know somebody
their tours with them with the fans
homes give it
her name is Vienna and she's helping us
out that's not your real name now you
guys just keep multiplying
you with them what here's the venturi hi
Ange
how do you get accepted you're invited
every time I see who I just pulled in my
sting you
I don't think you should get next myself
you understand
you know we're almost broke thank you
yeah I heard some mineral guy has all
your money things are gonna change
around here yeah
[Music]
we have to behave like a band how he's
supposed to travel only 500 miles four
days I say you talk to me about a wolf
like big bad war
[Music]
a lot of people here what you out chance
to go
how hard I work keep this band on its
seat you know what I have to do I got a
crazy kid on my hands that's too much I
get better lock your doors tonight
[Music]
the devil's out
how do you do it
very survivalist wish
[Music]
do you remember what happened when
during the battle
welcome to the Dark Side of the Moon
gentlemen aren't we supposed to be on
top of the mountain to win this thing
our job is to separate Taliban the
ordinary people
how do we do our jobs and stay safe
respect keeps us safe I wouldn't trade
this for anything look at us
Band of Brothers keep me pairs okay
trust me baby I quit I love you
we're gonna win by getting their hearts
and minds and hearts and minds and they
want our blood and guts
it's our pal That's Life at Camp Keating
every time they take a potshot at us
they're figuring us out the big one cons
I'll have a style dinner here
it's the big one satellite everybody
fall back enemy in the wire
I let him back into five come
we need to retake this camp we don't
have any air support a manpower or men
are trapped up there
our meed who is 40 yards away there's
everything we need to stay in this fight
let me do this sir
[Music]
let's show some love with the ones
weddings y'all right back
come on drums around me you're not gonna
die okay Oh PJ run foot
[Music]
we're taking this pitch back my
philosophy is very simple when you see
something that it's not right he was
always different than every member of
cops everybody knew what he had done he
was John Lewis real marching today to
dramatize to the world with hundreds and
thousands of Negro citizens denied the
right to vote congressman Lewis gave us
the blueprint to organize and to
legislate reason why he's effective as a
leader
is because he's lived it we made a
decision to march in an orderly peaceful
nonviolent fashion from Selma to
Montgomery I was hit in the head my
knees went from under me I thought I was
going to down the bridge if John Lewis
is a 19 20 year old wasn't doing what he
did I would not be here the whole time
he was in the movement it was
frightening no one the danger knowing
what could happen you cannot replace the
John Lewis he's the most original ever
met he challenges the conscience of the
Congress
40 years later John Lewis continues to
inspire us
[Applause]
three is the rights workers seven
learner for trying to have people get
registered to vote looking down on us
this is a time for action
that's why I learned from John Lewis
[Music]
today want to take us back
[Applause]
[Music]
where are we Detroit I can't hear you
Maggie Detroit I can't I grew up around
music it's my whole world if you told 12
year old me that one day I'd be working
for Grace Davis she's an icon this woman
doesn't even know your last name she
does sometimes I'm gonna tell you guys
you're great if you're not great
I am the girl still give me goosebumps
well grace have you thought any more
about the Vegas residency actually I
think it's time I record a new album I
mean that's one plan what am I supposed
to say to her I'm just a personal
assistant but I love to produce your
music let me do my job and you do yours
which is to get her coffee
Kleenex cotext and whatever else
together we've been paying you to do for
the last six months I've been here for
three years you can pay but you were an
intern my life is a joke
it's really bleak out there for
middle-aged singers in the history of
music only five women over 40 have ever
had a number-one in yet only one of them
was black
I know everyone is happy with me doing
the same show every night there's
something more grace I didn't want to
tell you or Jack but I did a cut of your
song hey here y'all y'all know it's a
damn microphone in there right
[Music]
all we got to do is play as safe a stack
some money I will decide what I do next
[Applause]
if the food coming sir we've been over
this we are not a dry tube well it
should be it could be oh my god is that
great save no the old premier is in your
home on-demand May 29th go to watch the
high note calm for more all right fellas
let's do this
my name is Danny Trejo you might have
seen me once awhile
desperado heap that's til dawn' Conair
which a day they make movies and stories
about guys like there Danny is that guy
Danny was in a high-stakes world from a
very young age addicted to heroin
was 12 he was just a kid had caught up
in the game
I had a sawed-off shotgun then the
hangar nade I buried him I told my mom
be real careful in the backyard
[Laughter]
this is a guy who's seen death just to
get to 16 years old it's like the Wild
West you're gonna be a horrible be a
criminal 24 hours a day
Wow his name rang through every prison
they knew he was coming they always knew
he was coming I'm gonna be top predator
no matter what it's clear gonna kill me
I made a promise to myself start trying
to do good I became a drug counselor an
opportunity to help somebody one night
got him into his first movie
my career took off immediately the first
five years I just played inmate number
one solo number one essay number one
number ten Eddie bunker a screenwriter
goes you're Danny Trejo this is when a
movie said people are framing now what
is it why me
and I were coming up with a bunch of
fake trailers I said I got a fake
trailer with machete it changed the
paradigm of who could be a leading man
everything good that has happened to me
has happened as a direct result of help
with someone else
it's the idea that I can evolve that's
Danny's life what's your name
Pingu they call me cookie my mother died
when I was born and my father died I
never stop moving it's the getting
started that's the puzzle no way for
poor man to stop you have a cow horse
cow in the territory say in a place for
cows there's no place for a white man
you know
present opportunity here
[Music]
good lord give me another I'll give you
six ingots for that last one dye test
London it just came
we have to take what we can when the
taking is good seems dangerous so is
anything worth doing
cow she barely produces a thing some
people can't imagine being stolen from
let's hope it's one of those
[Music]
I got a window you cookie history isn't
here yet and it's coming that Amy is
time we can take it on our own terms
[Music]
my mother died when I was seven years
old car accident I saw it two months
before it happened
Jimmy in the flesh so how's life its
day-to-day you know
I'm James I got a proposition for you
I need you to do that thing you do in
that head of yours needs you to find
safe passage
I saw my death I warned you tonight I
had no choice I needed the war of course
you had a choice it's not what I saw
[Music]
you've been like this that's more of an
affliction sadly make it sound like a
disease
yeah what about him saying that you saw
the hand off know many things all that
goes with both of them so we're not safe
here
would anybody that you said you saw this
work I did what I don't know right now
you've got to do everything in your
power to change this you got to leave
now beginning to fragment this is kind
of hard to understand maybe it's time
you learned the truth
you
[Applause]
Dimitra captain Amara
the winner you know good honking at
Uncle Tony no yokan FUNKER find
a pool
keep your idol out so far Sifu Naish
[Music]
see you think you and all that I'm fine
okay
hallelujah and in any case all
anybody's everything tonight
[Music]
I'll show you ho see they don't got my
gun
welcome back
[Music]
if you don't bring grass over here
you're gonna see your girlfriend fall
off the Tokyo Tower
let me you told open a coaching don't
you no idea
[Music]
yup host is 30 miles over those hills
let's move out
who are we babysitting this time not a
who a mansion house a house the outside
speaking of my whole neighborhood at
Queen's supposed to be a big deal when
the 82nd airborne came through and
pushed out the Nazi High Command this is
a live question
you heard
We Need to Talk we stay here in fishing
barrel we're staying
what's that I found it in the basement
belonged to one of the Nazis who took
over the house it says what happens the
family who lived here it seemed right
man this place is bad juju I'm just
gonna say what we're all thinking for me
this place is haunted everything we
experience
it's what the Nazis did to the family
that lived here let's get out of this
house
they're here when everyone geared up and
ready to clear out
you can't leave it won't let us leave
[Music]
okay sexy thoughts wait free waffles did
I just say that out loud right sorry
what if it got at the store I couldn't
remove her all day I'm ready now I don't
think you are
just admit you're not into sex it's kind
of like your porn a phobic try saying
something racy you need to decide it's
me or the porn
[Music]
I want your hot throbbing you write love
just coming to check to make sure
everything's fine
what what no no no I'm just medicating
cheating meditating wait why do you look
so good
I met someone so I made a sex to-do list
best breakup ever
Oh God click question for you beautiful
ah teaser oh wow do you know what you
really have toned over a new lease get a
dance
it's a little bit out of my league
you're just afraid to get back on the
horse it's like riding a bike or maybe a
pogo stick
[Music]
it's like one ghost and you might
Patrick Swayze
okay tell me everything I need to know
about you sure you want to know yeah
you're right could be the end of
something good before it even starts or
it could be the sound of something good
that doesn't end that is corny
I just want to find out if this works
actually sir I've got it on right now
you mean you're wearing it now Louis I
don't think you put erection cream on
your lips it's lazy it just doesn't work
it's making a little bit angry yeah I'm
done yeah thank you
what happened to you I thought you're
out Roberts like that well when you
break up with someone it's not really
very fun to go swimming with them
anymore
they broke up you dumped you why is that
the assumption here what are you hoping
you're in oh my god
I'm engaged well that's good because
your mother and I are separating I would
just like to get out of here newts
al-amin extent he just fired his last
assistant now he needs someone to paint
a barn using only the color yellow
okay that's fine Norway Norway actual
Norway
mr. our man I'm so happy to meet you
it's so beautiful it's almost like a bad
painting it looks like a painting that
you would make not you but certainly not
you at all like if you tried to make a
painting of it it would almost be healed
like it's cheesy this is yours it's
amazing to be your apprentice do not use
the word I may say okay this is just
hard work you're gonna hate it the
Viking Museum
this is holder he plays the chief I am
the chief where are you from Cincinnati
[Music]
[Applause]
you've met he's here because he
understands the real value of a Viking
funeral
first father
I'll tell my son I am here is it your
mother
Vince pick ganga larry elder
[Music]
[Applause]
and what is this where Oh
Joran gosh it really is
you
it's a very simple man you just go in
there like regular you shop around like
regular and then we're gonna come in to
do the Costas thing like regular brown
no guys don't kill me but if you stay
here I'll kill you listen man this is
about to be a robbery take these two
bozos down it'll pay for the tri-county
area it was gonna be knock you know I
didn't even say so that's no way to make
a deal
authorities say they're closing in on
the notorious crime to one out of the
star-spangled banner in the event
the fate of their husband remains those
home
we could be infamous Bandidos man
pushing some dance style oh hell I have
to bust these po-boy and where's your
bags I was told we were taking a trip no
that's got it all right all I think do I
never expected to be sued as a doctor
I'm thinking of settling am I supposed
to do what you want me to say rich
suppose I was one of your patients what
do you tell me I tell you to fight yeah
[Music]
and find that body in the morning
they're gonna come looking for us on the
search for two fugitives suspected of
armed robbery earlier this evening
[Music]
is that him we had that time this is
perfect
isolated you were mouth
my brother already has your wife and get
your operating doc my brother dies
I'm gonna kill you look who your
daughter I'm gonna kill your wife and
I'm gonna kill your dad are we gonna be
okay
used to be the big dog in town
don't try anything I start carding bite
on this
[Music]
we have to take control
I'm scared none for you I promise
[Music]
what are you gonna do I'm gonna fight
him
[Music]
get out now
and toughs on a huh
[Music]
you're not right I can see it in your
face your face is tight Oh cold you
judge people judging is a sin
Oh keep running this train earlier doing
this a nightmare when Tomas here when I
was a kid
didn't you go to church here too
forgive me Father for I have sinned what
would you like to confess to have to
hurt someone
laughter hurt someone severely
what are you here for
revenge oh into your church tonight
we're looking to use your hammer on that
one you're a stranger I mean you look
like you but you're not you I know about
rage Oh dare you
you remember when I was 12 months he
said to me you're not right
I can see it in your face your face is
Thai
[Music]
what if we could split a baby half of
sharing one baby but I would want the
whole pregnancy to myself I'd only want
to do it if it was my kid genetically
well I'm apparently I'm a carrier of
this rare double your little gene in my
family I've heard about that that year
lobes his uncle has three triple
you guys are actually serious about this
here's the two couples one baby and no
regrets
[Music]
he'll never regret having kids
IVF cost thirty five thousand per
attempt usually doesn't take more than a
couple trunks
natural donor insemination it's just
what it sounds like it would have to be
clinical yeah like a medical procedure I
just keep picturing them thrusting right
I got it
and then she's looking at him thrusting
huh okay he's looking at her thrusting
well very specific imagery it's a lot of
thrusting
[Music]
I like the idea of having kids just not
the idea of having kids
you spend years trying to find the
person that you love the most in this
world
the person that you want to spend your
life with and then the two of you
conspire to create a third person that
you like better than each other
[Music]
mr. Chief Justice and may it please the
court
the Secretary's decision rested on a
single assertion that don't do this
tomorrow
have you argue difference between work
before
nearly 2,000 children have been
separated from their families putting
hundreds of parents have just lost their
kids my job is to make sure the horror
of what's going on
stays front and center even punishment
for abortion has to be some form of
punishment you can't be serious the
government can't ban people from
accessing abortion
[Music]
this is the president's declaration of
like open season on trans people
transgenderism as a mental dysfunction
they want to erase trans people from
public life six states would lose a seat
in Congress it's all based on the Census
kind of difficult to imagine higher
stakes your selfie organization
obviously lost your pedophile we are
scrambling we've been actually working
up a challenge simra here literally
pulling my computer off of the desk
you're not gonna win every fight
just thinking on my own kids it's just
inconceivable
[Music]
people say why don't you go work at a
law firm why have this level of stress
riding on your shoulders we lose this
case I don't know what Roe vs. Wade
needs
president Trump wins what happened
laughs three minute I can't go on right
away we will go back into court we will
them up
all I've ever known how to do is fight
and so we just keep fighting that's what
we do we are here right if I'm not gonna
be a civil rights lawyer right now in
this moment
when
[Music]
you